Beloved Querent/Reader,

It is with the fullness of my breath and love that I offer to you the
contents of this Tarot. And, while based on and inspired in part by other
decks such as the Tarot de Marseilles and the Tarot of Eden, I have
attempted to illustrate the sacred path of The Fool, based on my own
meditations on The Fool’s Journey.

I pondered my own journey from deep within meditation as well as the
darkest nights of the soul, where the only things holding me together
during a tumultuous and dark time was my trusted Tarot deck and
handfuls of crystals. In my hardest transformational times, I would sleep
with my deck every night, at times pulling every card on those sleepless
nights. Between this initiation as well as the sanctuary of blissful
meditation—or dissolution into the Absolute—I have illustrated The
Fool’s Journey from my own path and understandings.

This deck differs a bit from traditional decks, where the querent/reader
can merely memorize each card individually to understand the message
completely. That method can work as well, but it’s not the most
effective way to get the most from this deck.

In ILUMA, each card builds on the others that come before, so
meditating on and studying the entire sequence of cards will propel the
reader into obtaining a deeper meaning. For example, each suit of
elements in the Minor Arcana flows in the same manner, building upon
each other, as do the Major Arcana in the grand journey of The Fool.

If you are starting off and wanting spreads to practice with, I can
recommend one that was my go-to when I started reading. But in my
most humble opinion, I feel using your intuition to cast readings in
accordance with your own creative introspective questions will serve
you best in your inquiry. Eventually, you will learn to free hand your
own spreads tailored to your needs.

I like to think of Tarot as simply giving Source (God) a translation key
or a new method to connect with you via words you can read. It’s a
vocabulary set and alternative method that you can use to hear The
Divine speak. I tend to have an opening ceremony even if small prior to
my readings, where I connect to Source either with prayer or intention.

Then I move from my beta mind or “knowledge” to my deeper intuitive
intelligence. I let go and trust that my intention to learn, grow, heal and
become the best version of myself will be supported by only the highest
force of unconditional Love, or Source. I connect to this force directly
and only allow this energy to speak to me through the deck as well as
my highest, most wise aspect of self.

I take the deck and whisper my energy and intentions into it and breathe
a deep breath into the cards to clear the deck and give it my own
essence. Or if I am reading for someone else, I may have them breathe
on the cards to imbue them with their questions.

When I want to connect with Source, I like to ask questions like “What
do I most need to hear or focus on to be on my highest path at this
time?” Then, I physically shuffle the cards and riffle gently through
each until one feels a bit more magnetic, heavy, sticky or good
(pleasing) in my fingers. There may at times be one or two that linger
on the touch or feel particularly pleasing. I pull those in complete trust.
If cards fall out, I include them in the reading within reason.

If you would like to use a spread, I will offer you the one I have found
most beneficial in my time of reading Tarot. That is of the Consulting
Spread, which consists of 3 cards. The first card drawn signifies the best
path of action to take; or rather, what should be done (The Advice). The
second card is what to avoid, or warnings and pitfalls, things to be aware
off (What NOT to do). And the third card is the Synthesis, should you
heed such advice, or the most likely outcome if you take the path and
avoid the other.


      Advice       Synthesis       Avoid   
  

This is simple and effective. Tarot is merely a practice to develop your
inner awareness. We are always practicing allowing ourselves to hear
the Song of The Divine. We must engage in self inquiry just as much as
external inquiry using the cards when doing a reading. When we pull a
card, it is up to us to find accuracy and validity of a card’s applicability
to our situation at hand. Sometimes the applications are very subtle, but
connections can be made when we are honest with ourselves and ready
to look deeply. If at first your readings don’t feel that aligned, just
continue to practice your inquiry and introspection.

If you are wanting a spread to help you improve your intuitive skills and
reading, I recommend practicing the Past-Present-Future spread. This
can help you develop the subtle skills of application and gain confidence
in yourself since you can cross reference it with what is. A note on
attempting divinatory readings: Tarot is peculiar in a way that it will
reflect to you what you already know or believe, so rather than get
attached to an outcome as the ‘end all, be all’, it’s just the most likely
outcome due to your own expectations. Good news, you can attune your
expectations and align vibrationally to a more favorable outcome, so use
this as a tool to seek deeper understanding.


      Past         Present        Future  


And most importantly, set your intention. Dedicate this practice to
becoming your highest expression of yourself and becoming the divine
being that you were destined for. May it be a way you connect with
Creator and be in service to all those you serve and love.

Thank you for allowing me to take you on the Journey of The Fool
through my eyes and reflections in this unique take on the Tarot.


With all my love,
Kalina Lux
